The black earth god of war guards the hard-to-meet dark night sky armor
Wolf God of War Commander
Break the army and kill the enemy
Tianden God of War is in charge of the beauty battle, and the demon rises in the nine sky bars
Plus me Ye Qingmei
The five wonders of the gods of war are here
No matter how you struggle
It's a dead end
Lord War
The four-nation coalition has broken through the border defense line of our building
Soldiers are fighting with blood
But it can't be stopped
There is no way but to find the Holy Venerable Lord now
To keep you safe
We have found the whereabouts of His Holiness
He is now at a bamboo forest banquet in Southern Province
Great, as long as the Holy Venerable Lord takes action
Will be safe and sound
But
The five warlords of the Temple of Heaven were also at the banquet in the forest
They accused Munny of treason
It's you who threatened to join forces to kill you what did you say
These blind dog-eyed bastards
This is to let my Heavenly Temple be buried with one hand
Follow me to the southern province
Be sure to get to Zhu Linyan as soon as possible
Yes
You actually got hurt that day
It's just a trick
Out of the way boy
Today my temple of heaven was born rugged
once
Even if you and Xiao Clan Jingluo separate
It will also be easily ignored by us
As long as you want to apologize to me now
Apologize to the media
Apologize to all the families present
Here I can leave you alone
Or the burial place where you will die